Add callout to `OrganizationSwitcher` (#581)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/organizations/verify-user-permissions.mdx

description: A collection of utility functions and components in order to allow developers to perform authorization checks.
---

> <Callout type="info">
>   The following authorization checks are predicated on an Organization being selected. Without this, they will likely
>   always evaluate to false by default. Our built-in [`<OrganizationSwitcher/>`](docs/components/organization/organization-switcher) component and `useClerk().setActive({ organization: <orgId> })` method are two available options to handle this.
> </Callout>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
<Callout type="info">
  The following authorization checks are predicated on an Organization being selected. Without this, they will likely
  always evaluate to false by default. Our built-in [`<OrganizationSwitcher/>`](docs/components/organization/organization-switcher) component is available as a styled option to handle this. For a headless option, our `useClerk()` and `useOrganizationList()` hooks return a `setActive({ organization: <orgId> })` method which can be used in custom components.
</Callout>

```

description: A collection of utility functions and components in order to allow developers to perform authorization checks.
---

> <Callout type="info">
>   The following authorization checks are predicated on an Organization being selected. Without this, they will likely
>   always evaluate to false by default. Our built-in [`<OrganizationSwitcher/>`](docs/components/organization/organization-switcher)
>   is currently the only way to change this context.
> </Callout>

Author: ```suggestion
<Callout type="info">
  The following authorization checks are predicated on an Organization being selected. Without this, they will likely
  always evaluate to false by default. Our built-in [`<OrganizationSwitcher/>`](docs/components/organization/organization-switcher) component and `useClerk().setActive({ organization: <orgId> })` method are two available options to handle this.
</Callout>
```
